 Your drifting off with WSL. Pam, Big Rapids. The Northwoods baseball. Radio network presents. Sleep baseball. Tonight. From Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. It's the Big Rapids, Timbers hosting, the Cadillac cars of Cadillac Michigan. Good evening, friends. We're glad to have you back with us here on WSL, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Producer Phil and I are happy to be back home in Big Rapids, Michigan. We are at beautiful Evergreen field as the Big Rapids Timbers host. The Cadillac cars of Cadillac Michigan, It's a special evening here as during tonight's 7th inning stretch. Big Rapids mayor jet fredbear will unveil the new hot dog Cannon here, at Evergreen Park. A strange contraption that fires hot dogs into the stands to be enjoyed by the fans. And it is a perfect night for a ball game. 71 degrees at game time, with a gentle breeze blowing in from Left Field. Let's take a look at these starting lineup for the visiting Cadillac cars. Leading off. Shortstop, pinky Slauson. Batting second, right? Fielder Gabriel Palomar. Third baseman, shiny Patterson will bat third. In the cleanup spot. This evening first, baseman Philip Nakamura, Batting Fifth and playing Left Field. Gilligan Parker. Fritz Ortega will bat 6 playing Centerfield? Catcher Giovanni gasparro, will that seventh? Batting 8. Second baseman flipper, Cortez. And batting night, right? Handed starting pitcher. Virgil Hughes. He enters tonight's contest with a record of 9 and 4. With a 3.86 era. Those are the cars here are the Timbers. Leading off and playing Centerfield Dutch Moon. Shortstop Rio Nunez as well that second. Batting third first baseman, Keith Castor. Randy Chang is in the cleanup spot this evening playing right field. That youth left. Fielder Brink filbert. Second baseman, Jesus Ferguson will that sick. batting seventh, third, baseman, blink, Rutter, son catcher Henny, Oldman will bat a And batting night, right? Handed starting. Pitcher. Javier Von Neumann. On Newman enters tonight's game with a record of seven and five with a 4.52 era. To producer Phil is ready to draw a name out of the Fishbowl for tonight's Instagram winner. If you'd like your name to go into the Fishbowl, you can head over to sleep baseball.com and follow us on Instagram. If that's the kind of thing you're into. And tonight's winner is. Bobby. Congratulations, Bobby pee. Will reach out to you on Instagram, to sort out the details. And crew chief VR Monte, Bianco has signaled that it's time to play ball. So, we are underway here at Evergreen field. And Pinky slots and will step into lead things off against Javier Von Neumann. Righty against writing. And Von Neumann's pitch. Curveball called strike one. And the 01. How old backhand out of play Owen to? VO2 pitch. Curveball in the dirt, one and two. And the one, two. Fly ball straightaway Center. Moon drifting in. And he makes the catch for outnumber one. And that will bring Gabriel Palomar to the plate with one away and the bases empty. Right here against the Lefty. And the fish. Festival, misses low and inside one now, And the one. Oh, Lined into shallow, right? That one drops in. Palomar is a board with a one-out single here in the top of the first. Runner on first one away for shiny Patterson. Patterson is a switch hitter and Hill battle left against Von Neumann. And Von Neumann from the stretch. The ball. Misses low Wanna Know. And the one hour. And that fastball is called a strike one and one. The one one pitch. Curveball, misses loan inside two in one. And the pitch. Curveball called a strike, two and two. The Two-Two patch. Blue into shallow Center. That one drops in for a hit. and the cars have Runners on first and second with one away here in the top of the first and Philip Nakamura steps in righty against the Lefty, And the pitch. Curveball called us strike on the inside corner. Oh, and one. And the Yohan, Hit in the air to right field. Chang is after it and he makes the catch. Palomar on his way to Third. And he will fly in safely ahead of the throw. Runners on first and third, two down four, Gilligan Parker. Parker is a another one of the lefties on the cars. Starting nine. And the pitch. Fold backhand out of play. Oh, and one. And the one. Basketball Mrs. Inside one ball, one strike The one one patch. That fast ball. Misses up stairs. The runners get their leads, shiny Patterson off. First Gabriel, Palomar Off Third. And a pitch. Line drive, right field. Sit for Parker, that one gets Palomar home. and the cars take a one-nothing lead here in the top of the first and Fritz Ortega steps in with Runners on first and second with two down. And the patch. Fastball caught on in Mist, Owen won. And the 01. hammered foul and into the stands Owen to VO2 pitch. Fly ball center field. Moon drifting over. And he makes the catch to end the inning. But the cars get on the board and after a half, its cars won Timbers coming up. Here on WSOP and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Hey there. It's Dana Dedrick and I'm thrilled to bring you love notes. Where we blend the best of smooth jazz and relationship. Advice to create a cozy late night, listening experience. Finding love and keeping. It doesn't have to be so mysterious. Tune in weeknights at 10 p.m. and get tips on how to build and maintain healthier relationships. Love notes, weeknights at 10 p.m. on WSL, P big rabbits. And welcome back with us here from Evergreen field, in Big Rapids, Michigan. Wally McCarthy and producer Phil back with you on WSOP. Am Cadillac leading one nothing as we begin the bottom of the first. And Dutch Moon leads off for the Timbers against virtual Hughes. Righty against writing. And the pitch. Curveball misses loan inside one in a no. It and the one, oh Pitch. Roller, back to the mound. Huge Scoops. It up and fires to first to retire. Moon for outnumber one and Rio Nunez will step in with one away and nobody Nunez is a switch hitter and hillbills against the virtual Hughes and the pitch. Popped up right side, Nakamura is after it and he makes the catch in foul territory for out number two. And keep Caster steps in, with two down and the bases empty. Righty against the Lefty. And the patch. curveball misses loan outside one and now And the one. Oh, Fouled back and out of play one, and one. One pitch. Basketball caught on and missed one and two. And the one-two pitch. Curveball called strike, three and Castor strikes out to end the inning. Virgil Hughes sets them down in order here in the bottom of the first. And with one in the books, it's Cars 1 Timbers nothing. Will be back with the second inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball, Universe set sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quint cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's World, our frequent and mildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today at sleep baseball.com. Top of the second inning from Evergreen field here in Big Rapids. Michigan. Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And they'll have the seven eight and nine hitters coming to the plate. And Giovanni got Sparrow will lead off the inning, against Javier Von Neumann. righty again, against writing and the pitch. Curveball in the dirt, one an hour. And the one hour. Our hold back and out of play one, and one. The one one pitch. Fly ball center field. Moon is camped under it. And he makes the catch for outnumber one. And flipper Cortez steps in with one away in the bases. Empty. Cortez is a switch hitter and he'll bat left against Von Neumann. And the patch. Basketball high and tight want to know? And the one. Oh, Curveball misses low for ball 2. The 2-0 pitch. Fouled backhand out of play. Two in one. The two one pitch. Slider in the dirt and Von Neumann falls behind three in one. And the three one. Small misses outside. And flipper. Cortez is a board with a one-out walk here in the top of the second. And Virgil Hughes will step in and these pictures spot. And the pitch. Bunted. Fouled on the first base line. Oh, and Wong. And the 01 and the runner goes swung on and Miss snapped. To second is not in time. Flipper. Cortez steals second. and now the O2 pitch to use, Ball low and outside one and two. And the one, two. Curveball misses low. Two and two. The 2-2 pitch. Fouled back and out of play and will do it again. And the pitch. Fastball misses High and the count runs full. And the payoff pitch. Curveball in the dirt. And the board with a 1 out, walk. So, two walks issued in the inning by Von Neumann and the cars have Runners on first and second with one away. And Timbers pitching coach Wilbert Robinson, will stroll out to the mound to have a chat with Javier Von Neumann. And Pinky Slauson will step in at the top of the Cadillac border. Slauson flight out in the first inning. And now Von Neumann from the stretch. Ball runs high one to know. And the one of pitch. And that fastball is called a strike one and one. The one one pitch. Line to the left and right into the glove of blink, redisson at third for outnumber 2. Runners on first and second two down for Gabriel Palomar. Bar had a base hit and scored a run in the first inning. Top of the second Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And the pitch to Palomar. Fastball Mrs. Low. Want to know. And the one out. Fly ball center field. Moon is there? He makes the catch to end the inning. Cadillac strands of pair here in the top of the second. And they do not score. And it remains Cadillac One. Big Rapids, nothing. Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello, this is Tim at necessity. Where can you go in to find everything you need? That's bearable Necessities on Berkeley Boulevard. The first ten customers that come to our grand reopening. Get a Baraboo bombers baseball cap. Wally McCarthy and producer, Phil back with you from our home base of Big Rapids, Michigan, at Evergreen field. Cadillac leads, Big Rapids, one nothing as we enter the bottom of the second inning. and Randy Chang will step in again to Virtual Hughes righty against writing. And he was delivers. Breaking ball called strike one. And the 01 pitch. That curveball misses outside one and one. The one one pitch. Fastball runs high two in one. And the two one. Bouncer to Short. Blossom gloves, it and fires to first to retire Chang for outnumber one. And Brink filbert steps in with one away and the bases empty. And the pitch. Fastball in there for a called strike one. And the 01. Curveball caught on a missed Owen to. The O2 pitch. Breaking ball. Misses inside one and two. The one-two pitch. He takes an awkward hack at a slider in the dirt. And Filbert strikes out for outnumber 2. And that will bring up Jesus Ferguson. Righty against writing. And the pitch curveball, call the strike. Oh, and one and the o-1. Fastball up and in one and one. The one one pitch. Dribbler to third backhanded, pick by Patterson and he fires to First in time to retire, Ferguson to end the inning. Another one, two, three inning for Virgil Hughes here in the bottom half of the second. And it remains Cars, 1 Timbers nothing. Will be back with the third inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. This is Chantry. I'd like to invite you to tune in to the Twin Cities, Celebrity Golf Invitational or even better. Join us in person. Guests include. Galvin McLeod, Jr. Blinking alone Fritz Ortega. Oh, and did I mentioned beans? Captain Bender swords. Join me Gentry. Quit City Celebrity Golf Invitational only on wsf. Top of the third here at Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. Black leading one. Nothing. And shiny Patterson will step in again, Javier Von Neumann. Patterson had a base hit in the first inning. And the pitch. Basketball called a strike. Owen won. And the 01. Fly ball left Center. Hilbert calling for it. And he makes the catch for outnumber one. And that will bring up Phillip Nakamura, who lied out in the first inning. And the pitch. Festival. High and tight one to know. And the 10. curveball, misses, just a bit outside too, and oh, The 2.0 pitch. Slider in the dirt and Von Neumann falls behind three now. And the pitch. Hammered down the first base line, that's a fair ball. And not Gomora is a board with a one-out single here in the top of the Third. And Gilligan Parker steps in with a runner on First and one away. Top of the third Cadillac leading one-nothing. And the pitch. Chopped fouled on the first base line Owen won. And the 01. Popped up on the infield. Ferguson is camped under it. And he makes the catch for outnumber 2. And the fritz Ortega steps in. Runner on first two down. Or take a flight out to Center his first time up. In the pitch. Fly Ball, Deep left Center. Filbert is racing after it. And he makes the catch on the warning, track to end the inning. And after two and a half, it remains Cadillac One, Big Rapids, nothing. Will be back with more baseball after these messages here on WSOP, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Hey kids. This is Blink. Radisson. I'm here at Ted's Fishing world and I just want to say they've got some great deals for people that like to fish or wish they could fish, they have reels and they have lures and they have the Rlb. They call it. You can get the rlb special 25% off if you mention my name. Link Radisson. Ted's Fishing World if fishings in your head. Trust, Ted. Ted. Wally McCarthy and producer, Bill back with you for the bottom of the third here, at Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. The cars lead one nothing. Big Rapids will have the seven eight and nine hitters coming to the plate against the virtual Hughes. And blink redderson steps in. Writing against writing. And the pitch to Rutter Center. Lined into shallow left. And that one will drop in for a base hit and Ryerson is a board with a lead-off single here in the third. And that the first base runner of the evening for the Timbers. Runner on first nobody out for any old man. And the pitch. Grounder to Short. Slauson backhands it. No play a second. The throw to first is in time and old men is retired for outnumber one. So a runner on second and one away for Javier Von Neumann in the picture spot. And the pitch. Curveball taken for a called strike one. And the 01. flat foul and out of play Owen to VO2 pitch. Grounder to Third. Patterson has it and fires to first to retire Von Neumann for outnumber two. And that will bring up Dutch moon at the top of the Timbers order with a runner on second and two down. Moon grounded out in the first inning. And the patch. Fouled backhand out of play. Owen won. And the 01. he was another one off Owen to The O2 pitch. Swing and a miss on a curveball, in the dirt and moon strikes out to Envy inning. And with three in the books it remains Cars 1 Timbers nothing. Will be back with the fourth inning in a moment here, on wslb and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball, universe sets, sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quints, cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's World, our frequent and mildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today at sleep baseball.com. Tap of the fourth inning here at Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. Cadillac leading one-nothing. And Giovanni gasparro steps in against Javier Von Neumann. Gasparo flight out in the second inning. And Von Neumann spinach. Curveball loewen outside. Want to know. And the one. Oh, Basketball Mrs. Low to know. And the 2-0 pitch. Hammered foul and into the stand, two in one. And the two one. Fastball cut on and missed. Two and two. And the 2-2 pitch. Hit in the air to Right Center. Chang drifting in and he makes the catch for outnumber one. And flipper, Cortez will step into the box with one away in the bases. Empty. Cortez walked in the second inning. Off of the fourth Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And the pitch. Dribbled fouled on the first base line. Oh, and one. And the 01. And he checks his swing on a low curved. One in one. The one one pitch. Chopper to third reticence, got it and he fires to first to retire Cortez for outnumber 2. And that will bring Virgil Hughes to the plate in the nine spot. Hughes drew a walk in the second inning. And the pitch. Popped up Shallow, right? Caster is calling for it. And he makes the catch to end the inning. And that's a one, two, three, inning for Javier Von Neumann here in the fort. And it remains Cadillac 1, Big Rapids, nothing. Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Timbuk 3, Ave. Specializing in betamax multivision DVD. The only such service in the Quincy area. Timbuk 3, Ave. And welcome back with us from Evergreen field. Here in Big Rapids. Michigan. Wally McCarthy and producer. Bill back with you. Bottom of the fourth inning here and we've got something of a pitcher's duel happening. Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And Rio Nunez is due up for the Timbers against Virgil Hughes. Nunez popped out in the first inning. And the pitch. Fastball cut on and Miss Owen won. And the old one. Hard, grounder up the middle. And that one will squeeze through for a base hit. And New Years, is a board with a leadoff single. And Heath Caster will step in with a runner-up first and nobody else. Caster struck out in the first inning. And the pitch. And the runner goes gasparo fires, the second and Nunez will slide in under the tag. That's a stolen base for Rio Nunez. The pitch to Castor was called a strike, the count Owen, and the 01. Slow roller to second that will move the runner up. Cortez flips. The first in time to retire, caster. Nunez advances to Third. So a runner on third with one away for Randy Chang who grounded out in the second inning. Bottom of the fourth, Cadillac leading one-nothing. And Hughes from the stretch. Paint the corner for a cold strike one. And the 01. Low Roller up the middle. Slauson will feel that? No play at the plate. Adds Nunez comes into score. The toss the first in time to retire, Chang. So, the Timbers are on the board here in the bottom of the fourth. And this game is now tied at one. And that will bring blank filbert to the plate with two down and the bass is cleared. Silver struck out in the second inning. And the pitch. Hold back. Hand out of play. Oh, and one. And the 01. He files another one off Owen 2. VO2 patch. Curveball called strike, three to end the inning. But the Timbers scratch out a run here in the bottom of the fourth. And with four in the books, we are tied at one. Will be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on WSOP, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Hello, you know me this is Ed, Uncle hat. The good folks over there is a big town shoe repair in. Gelato asked me to drop by and say a few words for him. Tom's been insured here since he was me. I to a locust and his wife, whose Name Escapes me. It's been in the gelato business for several days now. why don't you stop by over there at the big Tom Sherwood here in gelato and Get your shoes prepared. If you're like me you put up quite a few miles in on those shoes. Why don't you get a nice cup of the statue while you're there? Tell big Tom that it Uncle hat said hi. Don't kick him. Thanks for listening. Top of the fifth inning from Evergreen field here in Big Rapids. Michigan. Cadillac and Big Rapids are tied at one as pinky Slauson steps in at the top of the Cadillac order. Something is over to this evening. It and Von Neumann's pitch. Curveball called strike one. And the o1. Fouled backhand out of play, 0 and 2. And now the O2 pitch. Into that curve ball. Misses loan outside, one and two. And the one, two. Lighter down and in count, even at 2 and 2. The tutu pitch. Hammered to left field. That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. But that's going to be a stand-up double for Pinky, slossen to lead off the top of this, fifth inning. And Gabriel, Palomar steps in with a runner on second and nobody out. Palomar one for two, with a bass in the first. And Von Neumann from the stretch. Fold back and into the stands. Owen Wong. And vo1. Basketball Mrs. Low one ball. One strike. And the one. Grounded at first. Caster will have it, unassisted. He steps on the bag to retire, Palomar. And Blossom advances to Third. So a runner on third with one away for shiny Patterson. Patterson is one for two this evening. The 5th game tied at one. And the Timbers will bring the infield in for Patterson. And the patch. Fly ball to center field. Moon is under it and he makes the catch. Tagging. And scoring from third is Pinky Slauson. And the cars. Now lead two to one here in the top of the fifth, And that will bring up Filipino Nakamura, who is one for two this evening. This is empty two down. And the pitch. Curve, ball runs inside one an hour. And the one. Oh, The rounder to Second Ferguson has it and flips to first to retire, Nakamura to end the inning. But the cars get another run across and after four and a half its Cars. 2 Timbers one. Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. This is salty. In addition to our world famous, popcorn balls, try our bonbons rock candy, and that covered Sweet Pea were located on the Manistee Riverwalk next to the world's largest cupcake. Salt City, confection. Connection. And welcome back with us from Big Rapids. Michigan. It's a beautiful night here at Evergreen field. Cadillac leads, Big Rapids, two to one as we begin the bottom of the 5th. The Timbers will bring the six seven and eight hitters to the plate to face. Some virtual Hughes. And Jesus Ferguson steps in. Ferguson grounded out in the second inning. And the pitch. Grounded. A second routine, play for Cortez and he flips to first to retire Ferguson for outnumber one. And that will bring blink redisson to the plate. Reticent had a basehead in the third inning. And the pitch. Off speed pitch, cut on it missed. Oh, and one. And the 01. Swing and a miss on a low, curved 0, and 2. VO2 pitch. Fastball down and in one and two. And the one, two. Swing and a miss on a low curve and Rudders is down on strikes. Two down bases, empty for any old men. And the pitch. Fastball called strike one. And the 01. He takes a wild hack at an outside breaking ball 0 and 2. VO2 pitch. So wing and a myth and Oldman strikes out to end the inning. Virgil Hughes sets them down in order. And with five in the books it's Cadillac too big rapids want. Will be back with the sixth inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods, baseball, radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball universe that sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quint cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's World, our infrequent and wildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today at sleep baseball.com. Top of the sixth inning here at Evergreen field. Cadillac leading Big Rapids, two to one. In Gilligan Parker is due up against Javier Von Neumann. Parker is one for two with a base hit in the first. And Von Neumann's pitch. Fastball up and in want to know. And the one out pitch. Hammered foul and into the stands one-on-one. And the one. Change up misses low, two in one. It and the two one. Lighter in the dirt and Von Neumann falls behind three in one. And now the 3-1. Line drive into center field. That one is into the glove of Dutch moon for outnumber one. And the fritz Ortega steps in with one away and the base is empty. Potato has flied out in both of his appearances. This evening. And the pitch. Fastball runs high Wanna Know. And the one. Oh, Shopper is short Nunez is there and he fires to first to retire Ortega for outnumber 2? And Giovanni got Sparrow. Will step in with two down and the bases empty. I guess Sparrow is 042 this evening. And the pitch. Curveball misses low want to know? And the one. Oh, Her hold back and out of play one, and one. And the one one. Wider in the dirt, two in one. And the two one pitch. Fly ball, left field. Routine, play for filbert. And he makes the catch to end the inning. Javier Von Neumann sets him down in order here in the top of the sixth. And it remains. Cars 2, Timbers won. Will be back with more baseball here on WSOP, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. This is the rapper and I were gave for the buck stop in community theater. I hope you'll join me for their production of our town. Stop in. Making things happen. And welcome back from Evergreen field for the bottom of the sixth inning. Cadillac leading Big Rapids, two to one. And Javier Von Neumann is due up in the nine spot for the Timbers against Virgil Hughes. Von Neumann grounded out in the third. And the pitch. And he shows bunt, and that one is bunted. Fouled on the first base line. And the 01 pitch. Curve ball runs inside one and one. In the one one. Line drive up the middle. And that one gets through the infield for a base hit and Von Neumann, is a board with a lead-off single here in the six. And Dutch moon will step in at the top of the Timber's order with a runner on First and nobody out. Moon is over two this evening. And the pitch. Hard grounder to Second Cortez to Second for one over to First in time to retire Moon. And that's a 4663 double play. Two outs now, nobody aboard for real Nunez. Nunez is one for two this evening. Bottom of the sixth. Cadillac leading two to one. And the pitch. curveball misses low one and oh, And the one. Oh, popped up Shallow, right? Cortez is calling for it. He makes the catch to end the inning. And with six in the books it remains Cadillac too big rapids won. Will be back with the seventh inning here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello. This is Winston, T. Winston president of wslb radio? I'd like to invite you to the Big Rapids airport lounge. for a special night of, Fun. And brevity with Frank Gilbert. S w s l p night on the main stage and fun as guaranteed for all. The two for one Mark, Henry's go. Well with the comedy styling, Frank Gilbert. And prints or tagos Supernaturals. I hope to see you at WSL P night at the big ramp at the airport. Well, Save a seat for me. Winston, T went top of the seventh inning here in Big Rapids at Evergreen field. Cadillac leading two to one. The Timbers will bring the 8/9 and 1 hitters to the plate against Javier Von Neumann. And here's flipper Cortez, who walked in the second and grounded out in the fourth. And Von Neumann's pitch. High Fly ball right field. And that one will knuckle foul land into the stands. Oh, and one, and the 01. Taped down the first base, line 02. And the O2 pitch. Swing in a Miss on a high heater and Cortez is down on strikes for outnumber one. And that will bring up Virgil Hughes in the pitcher spot. Hughes walked in the second and popped out in the fourth. One away bases. Empty Cadillac leading two to one. And the pitch. Festival. Coldest strike. Oh, and one. And the 01. Ground ball to third. A reticent, is up with it and he fires to first to retire Hughes for outnumber two. And Pinky Slauson steps in at the top of the Cadillac border. Slauson is one for three with a double in the fifth. In the pitch. Learning to sharply into right field. That one will drop in for a base hit. And Slauson is a board with a two-out single here in the top of the seventh. Runner on first two down four, Gabriel Palomar. And Von Neumann from the stretch. Hold the back end out of play. Owen won. And the 01. And that one is chopped fouled on the first base line 02. And the O2 pitch. fastball misses low one and two Go one, two pairs. Hit in the air to deep right field. Chain racing after it. He will not get there as that one, sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run. Cadillac adds a pair here in the seventh. They now lead 4 to 1. And now shiny Patterson will step in. The base is cleared two down. And the pitch. Fastball runs inside. You want to know, And the one. Oh, Curveball loewen. Inside two. And oh, And the 2-0 pitch. Fly ball center field, moon will have room. And he makes the catch to end the inning. With the cars at a pair. And as we head into the stretch, its Cadillacs for Big Rapids. One, Up and how Big Rapids mayor? Jed? Fredenham is heading out to center field with the hot dog Cannon. Apparently, the hot dog Cannon can hold a few dozen hot dogs. Buns included. And there they go. And not sure that the hot dog Cannon is ready. For prime time yet. Judging from the reaction of the fans, Will let the cleaning crew get things under control here at Evergreen fields. Be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello. You know me this is that Uncle hand. My good friend that at Horn's House of sleep asked me to drop by and talk to you a minute about their mattresses and other sleep related items. Beds. Headboards. Nightcaps. And essential oils. They just added the essential oils last week. And orange wife, Beatrice got over there. And she's really into the essential oil. She makes her own They have a few little tubs out back. Anyway, that's me. Here in Oregon. Houses sleep. You don't need to count your sheet if you go to how Here. And welcome back with us from Evergreen field. Molly, McCarthy and producer, Bill reporting on this beautiful night for a ball game. And Big Rapids mayor Jed Frederick gets a nice round of applause after announcing. That the hot dog will be on his table during the remainder of tonight's contest. Cadillac leads the Big Rapids for the one, as we begin the bottom of the seventh. And keep Caster will step in again. Over to this evening. And the pitch. Festival runs high on an o. And the 10-pitch. Curveball cut on in this one and one. And the one one pitch. Curveball, misses outside two in one. And the two one. Popped up Shallow left. Parker drifting in. He makes the catch for outnumber one. And Randy Chang will step in with one away in the bases. Empty. And the pitch. Fly ball center field. A routine play for Ortega. He makes the catch for out number two. Bases. Empty two down for brake filbert. Filbert with a pair of strikeouts this evening. Bottom of the seventh. Cadillac leading border one. In the pitch. I popped up to Short. Blossom is camped under it and he makes the catch to end the inning. Virgil Hughes sets them down in order here in the bottom of the seventh. And it remains Cars 4. Timbers won. Will be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on WSOP and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball Universe at sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quincy cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's, World frequent and wildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today and sleep baseball.com. Top of the eighth inning here at Evergreen field in Big Rapids. The cars lead, the Timbers Portal 1. As Cadillac brings the four five and six hitters to the plate against Timbers, reliever rice and Babcock. Babcock is a crafty Lefty. He's got a solid Festival in an array of off-speed pitches. and Philip Nakamura steps in Lefty against the Lefty, And Babcock's pitch. Festival. Cut on it, missed Owen. And be a one pitch. Chopped foul down, the first base line, 0 and 2. The O2 pitch. Glider in the dirt, one and two. And the one, two, curveball down. And in two and two. The Two-Two pitch. And grounder to short Nunez Hazard and he fires to first to retire Nakamura for outnumber one. And Gilligan Parker will step in with one away and the bases empty. Parker is a one for three this evening. In the pitch. Fastball, the strike one. And the 01. Lighter runs inside, one in one. Go on one pitch. Curve ball, cut on and missed one and two. And the one, two. He looks at a fastball for a called strike, three. Two down bases, empty for Fritz Ortega. Who is 043 this evening? And the fish. Fly Ball Deep Center. Moon racing back. And he makes the catch on the warning, track to end the inning. Royce Babcock. Sets them down in order in relief, here in the eighth. and it remains Cadillac 4, Big Rapids one, Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello, this is Anne, don't go ahead. Fred horns house to sleep. At the wheel there, to the Raptors with mattresses. Skateboards. Lamps new gummies, they got there behind the counter. They're supposed to help you sleep. I tried one the other day and I slept like a baby. I woke up every three hours. As an old joke. He asked for a day and a half but that's neither here. Nor there. They don't have essential oils at the moment because the mishap but the interest is fine. Anyway, come on down dead horns. House to sleep. You don't need to count your sheep. If you go ahead. And welcome back with us on wso and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Wally McCarthy and producer, Bill back with you, from Evergreen field here in Big Rapids, Michigan. The cars, leave the Timbers four to one as we begin the bottom of the eighth. And Jesus Ferguson steps in against the Virgil Hughes. Ferguson is 042 this evening. And the pitch. Curveball up and in want to know. And the one. Oh, Lined into left field. And that one falls into the gap for a base hit. And hazer's Ferguson is a board with a lead-off single. And that will bring up blinkers with a runner on and nobody else. Red Orson is one for two this evening. And Hughes from the stretch. That's the ball called a strike. Oh and one. And the 01. curveball cut on and missed Owen to VO2 pitch. Fly ball shallow Center. Take a racing in and he makes the catch for outnumber one. And any Oldman steps in with a man on First and one away. And the pitch. Fell back and out of play, ho and one. And the 01 pitch. Curveball misses. Just outside one and one. The one one. Fly ball center field. Ortega will have room. He makes the catch for outnumber 2. Runner on first, two down, four roast Babcock who will bat for himself in the pitcher spot. Babcock is a decent hitter. He's batting 298 to this season. And the pitch. Basketball culda strike. Oh, and one And the 01. Whoa, roller back to the mouth. shoes is up with it and toss us to first to retire, Babcock to and the inning The Timbers do not score and with Aid in the books it remains Cadillac 4 Timbers 1. Will be back with the 9th Inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello, this is Tim at Baraboo necessity. Where can you go in Baraboo to find everything you need? That's very good necessities. On Berkeley Boulevard. The first 10 customers, they come to our grand, real. It's the top of the ninth inning here in Big Rapids. Cadillac leading four to one as Giovanni gasparro steps in for the cars against Royce Babcock. Gasparo is 0 for 3 this evening. And the pitch. Fouled backhand out of play. Owen won. And the 01. Fastball cut on and missed. Oh, and two. VO2 pitch. Change up runs high one and two. And the one, two lighter in the Dirt, 2 and 2. And the 22 pitch. Fastball runs inside and the count runs full. And the payoff pitch. Lying down the third base line. That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. And that's going to be a lead-off double for Giovanni gasparro here in the 9th. And flipper Cortez will step in with a runner on second and nobody out. And Babcock's pitch. Hard liner right into the glove of castor at first for outnumber one. And Virgil Hughes will step in to bat for himself with a runner on second hand. One away. And the pitch. Fastball called strike one. And the 01. Slider in the dirt one and one. The one one pitch. fastball high and tight two-in-one and the two one. Curveball runs inside and Babcock falls behind three in one. And the 3-1 pitch. Change of Mrs. Down and in and Virgil Hughes draws a one-out walk. So Runners on first and second with one away for Pinky Slauson at the top of the Cadillac order. Slauson is two for four this evening. And the pitch. Curveball cold, strike one. And the 01. And that's a slider that misses blowing away one and one. The one one pitch. Fastball called a strike one and two. And the one, two. Basketball called strike. Three and Slauson is down on strikes for outnumber two. And Gabriel. Palomar steps in with two down and Runners on first. And second Flossen these two for four with a single in the first. And a two-run homer, the seventh inning. In the pitch. Fastball Mrs. Low Wanna Know. And the one. Oh, Hammered foul down. Third Base Line, one and one. The one one pitch. Hard grounder to second. Ferguson is up with it and he tosses to first to retire Palomar to end the inning. The cars do not score and it remains Cadillacs for Big Rapids won. Will be back with more baseball here on WSL, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. This is Giovanni gasparro. When I was a kid, we did all kinds of crazy things. Like a stand on their heads and need a cracker. Later. Some of my friends had turned to that drugs. And all kinds of things happen to them. This has been Giovanni's spiral with the BSA for WSOP. And we're back from Evergreen field here. Don't wesl p. Wally McCarthy and producer, Phil back with you for the bottom of the night. As Dutch moon is due up at the top of the Timbers order against Virgil Hughes. Cadillac leading 4 to 1. And the pitch. Curveball called a strike. Oh, and one. And the 01. Pop fly shallow right? Nakamura drifting back. And he makes the catch for out number one. And a real Nunez stepped in with one away and the faces empty. It in the pitch. Fastball called a strike Owen won. And the 01. Popped up on the infield. Cortez calling for it. And he makes the squeeze for outnumber 2. Bases empty two down four, Keith Castor, who is 0 for 3 this evening? Caster represents the final chance for the Timbers. And the badge. Followed backhand out of play. Owen won. And the 01. Line drive, right field. And that one will drop into the gap for a hit. Castor hustling around first. And he will slide in safely under the tag, and he's a board with a two-out double here in the bottom of the night. Andy Chang, will step in with a runner on second hand, two down. The bottom of the knife. Cadillac leading four to one. In the pitch. Grounder to Cortez, he's got it and taught us to first to retire chain to end the ballgame. Virgil Hughes pitches an absolute gym this evening. As the cars, defeat the Timbers four to one. For the Victorious. Cadillac cars. Four runs on 8 hits, no errors. And for the hometown Big Rapids Timbers. One, run on five hits, no errors. Virtual Hughes goes the distance for the cars and matches another win. Javier Von Neumann takes the loss for the Timbers. Producer Phil. And I will be back with the post-game show in a moment here on WSL p, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Your drifting off with WSL. Pam, Big Rapids. The Northwoods baseball. Radio network presents. Sleep baseball. Tonight. From Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. It's the Big Rapids, Timbers hosting, the Cadillac cars of Cadillac Michigan. Good evening, friends. We're glad to have you back with us here on WSL, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Producer Phil and I are happy to be back home in Big Rapids, Michigan. We are at beautiful Evergreen field as the Big Rapids Timbers host. The Cadillac cars of Cadillac Michigan, It's a special evening here as during tonight's 7th inning stretch. Big Rapids mayor jet fredbear will unveil the new hot dog Cannon here, at Evergreen Park. A strange contraption that fires hot dogs into the stands to be enjoyed by the fans. And it is a perfect night for a ball game. 71 degrees at game time, with a gentle breeze blowing in from Left Field. Let's take a look at these starting lineup for the visiting Cadillac cars. Leading off. Shortstop, pinky Slauson. Batting second, right? Fielder Gabriel Palomar. Third baseman, shiny Patterson will bat third. In the cleanup spot. This evening first, baseman Philip Nakamura, Batting Fifth and playing Left Field. Gilligan Parker. Fritz Ortega will bat 6 playing Centerfield? Catcher Giovanni gasparro, will that seventh? Batting 8. Second baseman flipper, Cortez. And batting night, right? Handed starting pitcher. Virgil Hughes. He enters tonight's contest with a record of 9 and 4. With a 3.86 era. Those are the cars here are the Timbers. Leading off and playing Centerfield Dutch Moon. Shortstop Rio Nunez as well that second. Batting third first baseman, Keith Castor. Randy Chang is in the cleanup spot this evening playing right field. That youth left. Fielder Brink filbert. Second baseman, Jesus Ferguson will that sick. batting seventh, third, baseman, blink, Rutter, son catcher Henny, Oldman will bat a And batting night, right? Handed starting. Pitcher. Javier Von Neumann. On Newman enters tonight's game with a record of seven and five with a 4.52 era. To producer Phil is ready to draw a name out of the Fishbowl for tonight's Instagram winner. If you'd like your name to go into the Fishbowl, you can head over to sleep baseball.com and follow us on Instagram. If that's the kind of thing you're into. And tonight's winner is. Bobby. Congratulations, Bobby pee. Will reach out to you on Instagram, to sort out the details. And crew chief VR Monte, Bianco has signaled that it's time to play ball. So, we are underway here at Evergreen field. And Pinky slots and will step into lead things off against Javier Von Neumann. Righty against writing. And Von Neumann's pitch. Curveball called strike one. And the 01. How old backhand out of play Owen to? VO2 pitch. Curveball in the dirt, one and two. And the one, two. Fly ball straightaway Center. Moon drifting in. And he makes the catch for outnumber one. And that will bring Gabriel Palomar to the plate with one away and the bases empty. Right here against the Lefty. And the fish. Festival, misses low and inside one now, And the one. Oh, Lined into shallow, right? That one drops in. Palomar is a board with a one-out single here in the top of the first. Runner on first one away for shiny Patterson. Patterson is a switch hitter and Hill battle left against Von Neumann. And Von Neumann from the stretch. The ball. Misses low Wanna Know. And the one hour. And that fastball is called a strike one and one. The one one pitch. Curveball, misses loan inside two in one. And the pitch. Curveball called a strike, two and two. The Two-Two patch. Blue into shallow Center. That one drops in for a hit. and the cars have Runners on first and second with one away here in the top of the first and Philip Nakamura steps in righty against the Lefty, And the pitch. Curveball called us strike on the inside corner. Oh, and one. And the Yohan, Hit in the air to right field. Chang is after it and he makes the catch. Palomar on his way to Third. And he will fly in safely ahead of the throw. Runners on first and third, two down four, Gilligan Parker. Parker is a another one of the lefties on the cars. Starting nine. And the pitch. Fold backhand out of play. Oh, and one. And the one. Basketball Mrs. Inside one ball, one strike The one one patch. That fast ball. Misses up stairs. The runners get their leads, shiny Patterson off. First Gabriel, Palomar Off Third. And a pitch. Line drive, right field. Sit for Parker, that one gets Palomar home. and the cars take a one-nothing lead here in the top of the first and Fritz Ortega steps in with Runners on first and second with two down. And the patch. Fastball caught on in Mist, Owen won. And the 01. hammered foul and into the stands Owen to VO2 pitch. Fly ball center field. Moon drifting over. And he makes the catch to end the inning. But the cars get on the board and after a half, its cars won Timbers coming up. Here on WSOP and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Hey there. It's Dana Dedrick and I'm thrilled to bring you love notes. Where we blend the best of smooth jazz and relationship. Advice to create a cozy late night, listening experience. Finding love and keeping. It doesn't have to be so mysterious. Tune in weeknights at 10 p.m. and get tips on how to build and maintain healthier relationships. Love notes, weeknights at 10 p.m. on WSL, P big rabbits. And welcome back with us here from Evergreen field, in Big Rapids, Michigan. Wally McCarthy and producer Phil back with you on WSOP. Am Cadillac leading one nothing as we begin the bottom of the first. And Dutch Moon leads off for the Timbers against virtual Hughes. Righty against writing. And the pitch. Curveball misses loan inside one in a no. It and the one, oh Pitch. Roller, back to the mound. Huge Scoops. It up and fires to first to retire. Moon for outnumber one and Rio Nunez will step in with one away and nobody Nunez is a switch hitter and hillbills against the virtual Hughes and the pitch. Popped up right side, Nakamura is after it and he makes the catch in foul territory for out number two. And keep Caster steps in, with two down and the bases empty. Righty against the Lefty. And the patch. curveball misses loan outside one and now And the one. Oh, Fouled back and out of play one, and one. One pitch. Basketball caught on and missed one and two. And the one-two pitch. Curveball called strike, three and Castor strikes out to end the inning. Virgil Hughes sets them down in order here in the bottom of the first. And with one in the books, it's Cars 1 Timbers nothing. Will be back with the second inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball, Universe set sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quint cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's World, our frequent and mildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today at sleep baseball.com. Top of the second inning from Evergreen field here in Big Rapids. Michigan. Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And they'll have the seven eight and nine hitters coming to the plate. And Giovanni got Sparrow will lead off the inning, against Javier Von Neumann. righty again, against writing and the pitch. Curveball in the dirt, one an hour. And the one hour. Our hold back and out of play one, and one. The one one pitch. Fly ball center field. Moon is camped under it. And he makes the catch for outnumber one. And flipper Cortez steps in with one away in the bases. Empty. Cortez is a switch hitter and he'll bat left against Von Neumann. And the patch. Basketball high and tight want to know? And the one. Oh, Curveball misses low for ball 2. The 2-0 pitch. Fouled backhand out of play. Two in one. The two one pitch. Slider in the dirt and Von Neumann falls behind three in one. And the three one. Small misses outside. And flipper. Cortez is a board with a one-out walk here in the top of the second. And Virgil Hughes will step in and these pictures spot. And the pitch. Bunted. Fouled on the first base line. Oh, and Wong. And the 01 and the runner goes swung on and Miss snapped. To second is not in time. Flipper. Cortez steals second. and now the O2 pitch to use, Ball low and outside one and two. And the one, two. Curveball misses low. Two and two. The 2-2 pitch. Fouled back and out of play and will do it again. And the pitch. Fastball misses High and the count runs full. And the payoff pitch. Curveball in the dirt. And the board with a 1 out, walk. So, two walks issued in the inning by Von Neumann and the cars have Runners on first and second with one away. And Timbers pitching coach Wilbert Robinson, will stroll out to the mound to have a chat with Javier Von Neumann. And Pinky Slauson will step in at the top of the Cadillac border. Slauson flight out in the first inning. And now Von Neumann from the stretch. Ball runs high one to know. And the one of pitch. And that fastball is called a strike one and one. The one one pitch. Line to the left and right into the glove of blink, redisson at third for outnumber 2. Runners on first and second two down for Gabriel Palomar. Bar had a base hit and scored a run in the first inning. Top of the second Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And the pitch to Palomar. Fastball Mrs. Low. Want to know. And the one out. Fly ball center field. Moon is there? He makes the catch to end the inning. Cadillac strands of pair here in the top of the second. And they do not score. And it remains Cadillac One. Big Rapids, nothing. Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello, this is Tim at necessity. Where can you go in to find everything you need? That's bearable Necessities on Berkeley Boulevard. The first ten customers that come to our grand reopening. Get a Baraboo bombers baseball cap. Wally McCarthy and producer, Phil back with you from our home base of Big Rapids, Michigan, at Evergreen field. Cadillac leads, Big Rapids, one nothing as we enter the bottom of the second inning. and Randy Chang will step in again to Virtual Hughes righty against writing. And he was delivers. Breaking ball called strike one. And the 01 pitch. That curveball misses outside one and one. The one one pitch. Fastball runs high two in one. And the two one. Bouncer to Short. Blossom gloves, it and fires to first to retire Chang for outnumber one. And Brink filbert steps in with one away and the bases empty. And the pitch. Fastball in there for a called strike one. And the 01. Curveball caught on a missed Owen to. The O2 pitch. Breaking ball. Misses inside one and two. The one-two pitch. He takes an awkward hack at a slider in the dirt. And Filbert strikes out for outnumber 2. And that will bring up Jesus Ferguson. Righty against writing. And the pitch curveball, call the strike. Oh, and one and the o-1. Fastball up and in one and one. The one one pitch. Dribbler to third backhanded, pick by Patterson and he fires to First in time to retire, Ferguson to end the inning. Another one, two, three inning for Virgil Hughes here in the bottom half of the second. And it remains Cars, 1 Timbers nothing. Will be back with the third inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. This is Chantry. I'd like to invite you to tune in to the Twin Cities, Celebrity Golf Invitational or even better. Join us in person. Guests include. Galvin McLeod, Jr. Blinking alone Fritz Ortega. Oh, and did I mentioned beans? Captain Bender swords. Join me Gentry. Quit City Celebrity Golf Invitational only on wsf. Top of the third here at Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. Black leading one. Nothing. And shiny Patterson will step in again, Javier Von Neumann. Patterson had a base hit in the first inning. And the pitch. Basketball called a strike. Owen won. And the 01. Fly ball left Center. Hilbert calling for it. And he makes the catch for outnumber one. And that will bring up Phillip Nakamura, who lied out in the first inning. And the pitch. Festival. High and tight one to know. And the 10. curveball, misses, just a bit outside too, and oh, The 2.0 pitch. Slider in the dirt and Von Neumann falls behind three now. And the pitch. Hammered down the first base line, that's a fair ball. And not Gomora is a board with a one-out single here in the top of the Third. And Gilligan Parker steps in with a runner on First and one away. Top of the third Cadillac leading one-nothing. And the pitch. Chopped fouled on the first base line Owen won. And the 01. Popped up on the infield. Ferguson is camped under it. And he makes the catch for outnumber 2. And the fritz Ortega steps in. Runner on first two down. Or take a flight out to Center his first time up. In the pitch. Fly Ball, Deep left Center. Filbert is racing after it. And he makes the catch on the warning, track to end the inning. And after two and a half, it remains Cadillac One, Big Rapids, nothing. Will be back with more baseball after these messages here on WSOP, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Hey kids. This is Blink. Radisson. I'm here at Ted's Fishing world and I just want to say they've got some great deals for people that like to fish or wish they could fish, they have reels and they have lures and they have the Rlb. They call it. You can get the rlb special 25% off if you mention my name. Link Radisson. Ted's Fishing World if fishings in your head. Trust, Ted. Ted. Wally McCarthy and producer, Bill back with you for the bottom of the third here, at Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. The cars lead one nothing. Big Rapids will have the seven eight and nine hitters coming to the plate against the virtual Hughes. And blink redderson steps in. Writing against writing. And the pitch to Rutter Center. Lined into shallow left. And that one will drop in for a base hit and Ryerson is a board with a lead-off single here in the third. And that the first base runner of the evening for the Timbers. Runner on first nobody out for any old man. And the pitch. Grounder to Short. Slauson backhands it. No play a second. The throw to first is in time and old men is retired for outnumber one. So a runner on second and one away for Javier Von Neumann in the picture spot. And the pitch. Curveball taken for a called strike one. And the 01. flat foul and out of play Owen to VO2 pitch. Grounder to Third. Patterson has it and fires to first to retire Von Neumann for outnumber two. And that will bring up Dutch moon at the top of the Timbers order with a runner on second and two down. Moon grounded out in the first inning. And the patch. Fouled backhand out of play. Owen won. And the 01. he was another one off Owen to The O2 pitch. Swing and a miss on a curveball, in the dirt and moon strikes out to Envy inning. And with three in the books it remains Cars 1 Timbers nothing. Will be back with the fourth inning in a moment here, on wslb and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball, universe sets, sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quints, cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's World, our frequent and mildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today at sleep baseball.com. Tap of the fourth inning here at Evergreen field in Big Rapids, Michigan. Cadillac leading one-nothing. And Giovanni gasparro steps in against Javier Von Neumann. Gasparo flight out in the second inning. And Von Neumann spinach. Curveball loewen outside. Want to know. And the one. Oh, Basketball Mrs. Low to know. And the 2-0 pitch. Hammered foul and into the stand, two in one. And the two one. Fastball cut on and missed. Two and two. And the 2-2 pitch. Hit in the air to Right Center. Chang drifting in and he makes the catch for outnumber one. And flipper, Cortez will step into the box with one away in the bases. Empty. Cortez walked in the second inning. Off of the fourth Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And the pitch. Dribbled fouled on the first base line. Oh, and one. And the 01. And he checks his swing on a low curved. One in one. The one one pitch. Chopper to third reticence, got it and he fires to first to retire Cortez for outnumber 2. And that will bring Virgil Hughes to the plate in the nine spot. Hughes drew a walk in the second inning. And the pitch. Popped up Shallow, right? Caster is calling for it. And he makes the catch to end the inning. And that's a one, two, three, inning for Javier Von Neumann here in the fort. And it remains Cadillac 1, Big Rapids, nothing. Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Timbuk 3, Ave. Specializing in betamax multivision DVD. The only such service in the Quincy area. Timbuk 3, Ave. And welcome back with us from Evergreen field. Here in Big Rapids. Michigan. Wally McCarthy and producer. Bill back with you. Bottom of the fourth inning here and we've got something of a pitcher's duel happening. Cadillac leading one. Nothing. And Rio Nunez is due up for the Timbers against Virgil Hughes. Nunez popped out in the first inning. And the pitch. Fastball cut on and Miss Owen won. And the old one. Hard, grounder up the middle. And that one will squeeze through for a base hit. And New Years, is a board with a leadoff single. And Heath Caster will step in with a runner-up first and nobody else. Caster struck out in the first inning. And the pitch. And the runner goes gasparo fires, the second and Nunez will slide in under the tag. That's a stolen base for Rio Nunez. The pitch to Castor was called a strike, the count Owen, and the 01. Slow roller to second that will move the runner up. Cortez flips. The first in time to retire, caster. Nunez advances to Third. So a runner on third with one away for Randy Chang who grounded out in the second inning. Bottom of the fourth, Cadillac leading one-nothing. And Hughes from the stretch. Paint the corner for a cold strike one. And the 01. Low Roller up the middle. Slauson will feel that? No play at the plate. Adds Nunez comes into score. The toss the first in time to retire, Chang. So, the Timbers are on the board here in the bottom of the fourth. And this game is now tied at one. And that will bring blank filbert to the plate with two down and the bass is cleared. Silver struck out in the second inning. And the pitch. Hold back. Hand out of play. Oh, and one. And the 01. He files another one off Owen 2. VO2 patch. Curveball called strike, three to end the inning. But the Timbers scratch out a run here in the bottom of the fourth. And with four in the books, we are tied at one. Will be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on WSOP, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Hello, you know me this is Ed, Uncle hat. The good folks over there is a big town shoe repair in. Gelato asked me to drop by and say a few words for him. Tom's been insured here since he was me. I to a locust and his wife, whose Name Escapes me. It's been in the gelato business for several days now. why don't you stop by over there at the big Tom Sherwood here in gelato and Get your shoes prepared. If you're like me you put up quite a few miles in on those shoes. Why don't you get a nice cup of the statue while you're there? Tell big Tom that it Uncle hat said hi. Don't kick him. Thanks for listening. Top of the fifth inning from Evergreen field here in Big Rapids. Michigan. Cadillac and Big Rapids are tied at one as pinky Slauson steps in at the top of the Cadillac order. Something is over to this evening. It and Von Neumann's pitch. Curveball called strike one. And the o1. Fouled backhand out of play, 0 and 2. And now the O2 pitch. Into that curve ball. Misses loan outside, one and two. And the one, two. Lighter down and in count, even at 2 and 2. The tutu pitch. Hammered to left field. That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. But that's going to be a stand-up double for Pinky, slossen to lead off the top of this, fifth inning. And Gabriel, Palomar steps in with a runner on second and nobody out. Palomar one for two, with a bass in the first. And Von Neumann from the stretch. Fold back and into the stands. Owen Wong. And vo1. Basketball Mrs. Low one ball. One strike. And the one. Grounded at first. Caster will have it, unassisted. He steps on the bag to retire, Palomar. And Blossom advances to Third. So a runner on third with one away for shiny Patterson. Patterson is one for two this evening. The 5th game tied at one. And the Timbers will bring the infield in for Patterson. And the patch. Fly ball to center field. Moon is under it and he makes the catch. Tagging. And scoring from third is Pinky Slauson. And the cars. Now lead two to one here in the top of the fifth, And that will bring up Filipino Nakamura, who is one for two this evening. This is empty two down. And the pitch. Curve, ball runs inside one an hour. And the one. Oh, The rounder to Second Ferguson has it and flips to first to retire, Nakamura to end the inning. But the cars get another run across and after four and a half its Cars. 2 Timbers one. Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. This is salty. In addition to our world famous, popcorn balls, try our bonbons rock candy, and that covered Sweet Pea were located on the Manistee Riverwalk next to the world's largest cupcake. Salt City, confection. Connection. And welcome back with us from Big Rapids. Michigan. It's a beautiful night here at Evergreen field. Cadillac leads, Big Rapids, two to one as we begin the bottom of the 5th. The Timbers will bring the six seven and eight hitters to the plate to face. Some virtual Hughes. And Jesus Ferguson steps in. Ferguson grounded out in the second inning. And the pitch. Grounded. A second routine, play for Cortez and he flips to first to retire Ferguson for outnumber one. And that will bring blink redisson to the plate. Reticent had a basehead in the third inning. And the pitch. Off speed pitch, cut on it missed. Oh, and one. And the 01. Swing and a miss on a low, curved 0, and 2. VO2 pitch. Fastball down and in one and two. And the one, two. Swing and a miss on a low curve and Rudders is down on strikes. Two down bases, empty for any old men. And the pitch. Fastball called strike one. And the 01. He takes a wild hack at an outside breaking ball 0 and 2. VO2 pitch. So wing and a myth and Oldman strikes out to end the inning. Virgil Hughes sets them down in order. And with five in the books it's Cadillac too big rapids want. Will be back with the sixth inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods, baseball, radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball universe that sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quint cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's World, our infrequent and wildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today at sleep baseball.com. Top of the sixth inning here at Evergreen field. Cadillac leading Big Rapids, two to one. In Gilligan Parker is due up against Javier Von Neumann. Parker is one for two with a base hit in the first. And Von Neumann's pitch. Fastball up and in want to know. And the one out pitch. Hammered foul and into the stands one-on-one. And the one. Change up misses low, two in one. It and the two one. Lighter in the dirt and Von Neumann falls behind three in one. And now the 3-1. Line drive into center field. That one is into the glove of Dutch moon for outnumber one. And the fritz Ortega steps in with one away and the base is empty. Potato has flied out in both of his appearances. This evening. And the pitch. Fastball runs high Wanna Know. And the one. Oh, Shopper is short Nunez is there and he fires to first to retire Ortega for outnumber 2? And Giovanni got Sparrow. Will step in with two down and the bases empty. I guess Sparrow is 042 this evening. And the pitch. Curveball misses low want to know? And the one. Oh, Her hold back and out of play one, and one. And the one one. Wider in the dirt, two in one. And the two one pitch. Fly ball, left field. Routine, play for filbert. And he makes the catch to end the inning. Javier Von Neumann sets him down in order here in the top of the sixth. And it remains. Cars 2, Timbers won. Will be back with more baseball here on WSOP, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. This is the rapper and I were gave for the buck stop in community theater. I hope you'll join me for their production of our town. Stop in. Making things happen. And welcome back from Evergreen field for the bottom of the sixth inning. Cadillac leading Big Rapids, two to one. And Javier Von Neumann is due up in the nine spot for the Timbers against Virgil Hughes. Von Neumann grounded out in the third. And the pitch. And he shows bunt, and that one is bunted. Fouled on the first base line. And the 01 pitch. Curve ball runs inside one and one. In the one one. Line drive up the middle. And that one gets through the infield for a base hit and Von Neumann, is a board with a lead-off single here in the six. And Dutch moon will step in at the top of the Timber's order with a runner on First and nobody out. Moon is over two this evening. And the pitch. Hard grounder to Second Cortez to Second for one over to First in time to retire Moon. And that's a 4663 double play. Two outs now, nobody aboard for real Nunez. Nunez is one for two this evening. Bottom of the sixth. Cadillac leading two to one. And the pitch. curveball misses low one and oh, And the one. Oh, popped up Shallow, right? Cortez is calling for it. He makes the catch to end the inning. And with six in the books it remains Cadillac too big rapids won. Will be back with the seventh inning here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello. This is Winston, T. Winston president of wslb radio? I'd like to invite you to the Big Rapids airport lounge. for a special night of, Fun. And brevity with Frank Gilbert. S w s l p night on the main stage and fun as guaranteed for all. The two for one Mark, Henry's go. Well with the comedy styling, Frank Gilbert. And prints or tagos Supernaturals. I hope to see you at WSL P night at the big ramp at the airport. Well, Save a seat for me. Winston, T went top of the seventh inning here in Big Rapids at Evergreen field. Cadillac leading two to one. The Timbers will bring the 8/9 and 1 hitters to the plate against Javier Von Neumann. And here's flipper Cortez, who walked in the second and grounded out in the fourth. And Von Neumann's pitch. High Fly ball right field. And that one will knuckle foul land into the stands. Oh, and one, and the 01. Taped down the first base, line 02. And the O2 pitch. Swing in a Miss on a high heater and Cortez is down on strikes for outnumber one. And that will bring up Virgil Hughes in the pitcher spot. Hughes walked in the second and popped out in the fourth. One away bases. Empty Cadillac leading two to one. And the pitch. Festival. Coldest strike. Oh, and one. And the 01. Ground ball to third. A reticent, is up with it and he fires to first to retire Hughes for outnumber two. And Pinky Slauson steps in at the top of the Cadillac border. Slauson is one for three with a double in the fifth. In the pitch. Learning to sharply into right field. That one will drop in for a base hit. And Slauson is a board with a two-out single here in the top of the seventh. Runner on first two down four, Gabriel Palomar. And Von Neumann from the stretch. Hold the back end out of play. Owen won. And the 01. And that one is chopped fouled on the first base line 02. And the O2 pitch. fastball misses low one and two Go one, two pairs. Hit in the air to deep right field. Chain racing after it. He will not get there as that one, sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run. Cadillac adds a pair here in the seventh. They now lead 4 to 1. And now shiny Patterson will step in. The base is cleared two down. And the pitch. Fastball runs inside. You want to know, And the one. Oh, Curveball loewen. Inside two. And oh, And the 2-0 pitch. Fly ball center field, moon will have room. And he makes the catch to end the inning. With the cars at a pair. And as we head into the stretch, its Cadillacs for Big Rapids. One, Up and how Big Rapids mayor? Jed? Fredenham is heading out to center field with the hot dog Cannon. Apparently, the hot dog Cannon can hold a few dozen hot dogs. Buns included. And there they go. And not sure that the hot dog Cannon is ready. For prime time yet. Judging from the reaction of the fans, Will let the cleaning crew get things under control here at Evergreen fields. Be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello. You know me this is that Uncle hand. My good friend that at Horn's House of sleep asked me to drop by and talk to you a minute about their mattresses and other sleep related items. Beds. Headboards. Nightcaps. And essential oils. They just added the essential oils last week. And orange wife, Beatrice got over there. And she's really into the essential oil. She makes her own They have a few little tubs out back. Anyway, that's me. Here in Oregon. Houses sleep. You don't need to count your sheet if you go to how Here. And welcome back with us from Evergreen field. Molly, McCarthy and producer, Bill reporting on this beautiful night for a ball game. And Big Rapids mayor Jed Frederick gets a nice round of applause after announcing. That the hot dog will be on his table during the remainder of tonight's contest. Cadillac leads the Big Rapids for the one, as we begin the bottom of the seventh. And keep Caster will step in again. Over to this evening. And the pitch. Festival runs high on an o. And the 10-pitch. Curveball cut on in this one and one. And the one one pitch. Curveball, misses outside two in one. And the two one. Popped up Shallow left. Parker drifting in. He makes the catch for outnumber one. And Randy Chang will step in with one away in the bases. Empty. And the pitch. Fly ball center field. A routine play for Ortega. He makes the catch for out number two. Bases. Empty two down for brake filbert. Filbert with a pair of strikeouts this evening. Bottom of the seventh. Cadillac leading border one. In the pitch. I popped up to Short. Blossom is camped under it and he makes the catch to end the inning. Virgil Hughes sets them down in order here in the bottom of the seventh. And it remains Cars 4. Timbers won. Will be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on WSOP and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Stay up to date with all the shenanigans of the Sleep baseball Universe at sleep baseball.com. The latest episodes news from the Quincy cities and fabulous items from the gift shop. Sign up for Wally's, World frequent and wildly entertaining newsletter. Find it all today and sleep baseball.com. Top of the eighth inning here at Evergreen field in Big Rapids. The cars lead, the Timbers Portal 1. As Cadillac brings the four five and six hitters to the plate against Timbers, reliever rice and Babcock. Babcock is a crafty Lefty. He's got a solid Festival in an array of off-speed pitches. and Philip Nakamura steps in Lefty against the Lefty, And Babcock's pitch. Festival. Cut on it, missed Owen. And be a one pitch. Chopped foul down, the first base line, 0 and 2. The O2 pitch. Glider in the dirt, one and two. And the one, two, curveball down. And in two and two. The Two-Two pitch. And grounder to short Nunez Hazard and he fires to first to retire Nakamura for outnumber one. And Gilligan Parker will step in with one away and the bases empty. Parker is a one for three this evening. In the pitch. Fastball, the strike one. And the 01. Lighter runs inside, one in one. Go on one pitch. Curve ball, cut on and missed one and two. And the one, two. He looks at a fastball for a called strike, three. Two down bases, empty for Fritz Ortega. Who is 043 this evening? And the fish. Fly Ball Deep Center. Moon racing back. And he makes the catch on the warning, track to end the inning. Royce Babcock. Sets them down in order in relief, here in the eighth. and it remains Cadillac 4, Big Rapids one, Will be back with more baseball here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello, this is Anne, don't go ahead. Fred horns house to sleep. At the wheel there, to the Raptors with mattresses. Skateboards. Lamps new gummies, they got there behind the counter. They're supposed to help you sleep. I tried one the other day and I slept like a baby. I woke up every three hours. As an old joke. He asked for a day and a half but that's neither here. Nor there. They don't have essential oils at the moment because the mishap but the interest is fine. Anyway, come on down dead horns. House to sleep. You don't need to count your sheep. If you go ahead. And welcome back with us on wso and the Northwoods baseball radio network. Wally McCarthy and producer, Bill back with you, from Evergreen field here in Big Rapids, Michigan. The cars, leave the Timbers four to one as we begin the bottom of the eighth. And Jesus Ferguson steps in against the Virgil Hughes. Ferguson is 042 this evening. And the pitch. Curveball up and in want to know. And the one. Oh, Lined into left field. And that one falls into the gap for a base hit. And hazer's Ferguson is a board with a lead-off single. And that will bring up blinkers with a runner on and nobody else. Red Orson is one for two this evening. And Hughes from the stretch. That's the ball called a strike. Oh and one. And the 01. curveball cut on and missed Owen to VO2 pitch. Fly ball shallow Center. Take a racing in and he makes the catch for outnumber one. And any Oldman steps in with a man on First and one away. And the pitch. Fell back and out of play, ho and one. And the 01 pitch. Curveball misses. Just outside one and one. The one one. Fly ball center field. Ortega will have room. He makes the catch for outnumber 2. Runner on first, two down, four roast Babcock who will bat for himself in the pitcher spot. Babcock is a decent hitter. He's batting 298 to this season. And the pitch. Basketball culda strike. Oh, and one And the 01. Whoa, roller back to the mouth. shoes is up with it and toss us to first to retire, Babcock to and the inning The Timbers do not score and with Aid in the books it remains Cadillac 4 Timbers 1. Will be back with the 9th Inning in a moment here, on the Northwoods baseball, radio network. Hello, this is Tim at Baraboo necessity. Where can you go in Baraboo to find everything you need? That's very good necessities. On Berkeley Boulevard. The first 10 customers, they come to our grand, real. It's the top of the ninth inning here in Big Rapids. Cadillac leading four to one as Giovanni gasparro steps in for the cars against Royce Babcock. Gasparo is 0 for 3 this evening. And the pitch. Fouled backhand out of play. Owen won. And the 01. Fastball cut on and missed. Oh, and two. VO2 pitch. Change up runs high one and two. And the one, two lighter in the Dirt, 2 and 2. And the 22 pitch. Fastball runs inside and the count runs full. And the payoff pitch. Lying down the third base line. That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. And that's going to be a lead-off double for Giovanni gasparro here in the 9th. And flipper Cortez will step in with a runner on second and nobody out. And Babcock's pitch. Hard liner right into the glove of castor at first for outnumber one. And Virgil Hughes will step in to bat for himself with a runner on second hand. One away. And the pitch. Fastball called strike one. And the 01. Slider in the dirt one and one. The one one pitch. fastball high and tight two-in-one and the two one. Curveball runs inside and Babcock falls behind three in one. And the 3-1 pitch. Change of Mrs. Down and in and Virgil Hughes draws a one-out walk. So Runners on first and second with one away for Pinky Slauson at the top of the Cadillac order. Slauson is two for four this evening. And the pitch. Curveball cold, strike one. And the 01. And that's a slider that misses blowing away one and one. The one one pitch. Fastball called a strike one and two. And the one, two. Basketball called strike. Three and Slauson is down on strikes for outnumber two. And Gabriel. Palomar steps in with two down and Runners on first. And second Flossen these two for four with a single in the first. And a two-run homer, the seventh inning. In the pitch. Fastball Mrs. Low Wanna Know. And the one. Oh, Hammered foul down. Third Base Line, one and one. The one one pitch. Hard grounder to second. Ferguson is up with it and he tosses to first to retire Palomar to end the inning. The cars do not score and it remains Cadillacs for Big Rapids won. Will be back with more baseball here on WSL, and the Northwoods baseball radio network. This is Giovanni gasparro. When I was a kid, we did all kinds of crazy things. Like a stand on their heads and need a cracker. Later. Some of my friends had turned to that drugs. And all kinds of things happen to them. This has been Giovanni's spiral with the BSA for WSOP. And we're back from Evergreen field here. Don't wesl p. Wally McCarthy and producer, Phil back with you for the bottom of the night. As Dutch moon is due up at the top of the Timbers order against Virgil Hughes. Cadillac leading 4 to 1. And the pitch. Curveball called a strike. Oh, and one. And the 01. Pop fly shallow right? Nakamura drifting back. And he makes the catch for out number one. And a real Nunez stepped in with one away and the faces empty. It in the pitch. Fastball called a strike Owen won. And the 01. Popped up on the infield. Cortez calling for it. And he makes the squeeze for outnumber 2. Bases empty two down four, Keith Castor, who is 0 for 3 this evening? Caster represents the final chance for the Timbers. And the badge. Followed backhand out of play. Owen won. And the 01. Line drive, right field. And that one will drop into the gap for a hit. Castor hustling around first. And he will slide in safely under the tag, and he's a board with a two-out double here in the bottom of the night. Andy Chang, will step in with a runner on second hand, two down. The bottom of the knife. Cadillac leading four to one. In the pitch. Grounder to Cortez, he's got it and taught us to first to retire chain to end the ballgame. Virgil Hughes pitches an absolute gym this evening. As the cars, defeat the Timbers four to one. For the Victorious. Cadillac cars. Four runs on 8 hits, no errors. And for the hometown Big Rapids Timbers. One, run on five hits, no errors. Virtual Hughes goes the distance for the cars and matches another win. Javier Von Neumann takes the loss for the Timbers. Producer Phil. And I will be back with the post-game show in a moment here on WSL p, and the Northwoods baseball radio network.
